Added docs section for using secrets manager with the extension (#222)
elastic/apm-aws-lambda: docs/secrets-manager/add-permissions-content.asciidoc

+
--
[source,json]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_SECRET"
            ]
        },
        // The following permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY"
            ]
        }
    ]
}
----
--
- Review and save the policy.

// end::console[]

// tag::cli[]
- Create a policy file (`smElasticApmPolicy.json`) with the following content:
+
--
[source,json]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_SECRET"
            ]
        },

>         // The following permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret
>         {
>             "Effect": "Allow",
>             "Action": [
>                 "kms:Decrypt"
>             ],
>             "Resource": [
>                 "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY"
>             ]
>         }
>     ]
> }
> ----
> --

Reviewer: Same code callout comment here. I'll leave the decision to you.

```suggestion
        { <1>
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY"
            ]
        }
    ]
}
----
<1> This permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret
--
```

- Retrieve the execution role name of your Lambda function with the following command:
+
--
[source,bash]
----
aws lambda get-function-configuration --function-name THE_NAME_OF_YOUR_FUNCTION | grep "Role"
----
--
- Attach the new policy to the execution role:
+
--
[source,bash]
----
aws iam put-role-policy \
  --role-name NAME_OR_ARN_OF_THE_EXECUTION_ROLE \
  --policy-name SecretsManagerAPMKeyPolicy \
  --policy-document file://smElasticApmPolicy.json
----
--
// end::cli[]

// tag::sam[]

In your SAM `template.yml` file add the following policy to give the Lambda function access to the stored secret:

[source,yml]
----
...
AWSTemplateFormatVersion: '2010-09-09'
Transform: 'AWS::Serverless-2016-10-31'
Resources:
  yourLambdaFunction:
    Type: 'AWS::Serverless::Function'
    Properties:
      ...
      Policies:
      - Statement:
        - Sid: SecretsManagerGetSecretValue
          Effect: Allow
          Action:
            - secretsmanager:GetSecretValue
          Resource: 'THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_SECRET'

>         # The following permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret
>         - Sid: KMSDecrypt
>           Effect: Allow
>           Action:
>             - kms:Decrypt
>           Resource: 'THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY'
> ...
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Sid: KMSDecrypt <1>
          Effect: Allow
          Action:
            - kms:Decrypt
          Resource: 'THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY'
...
----
<1> This permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret

```

// end::sam[]

// tag::serverless[]
In your serverless file add the following policy to give the Lambda function access to the stored secret:
[source,yml]
----
...
provider:
  iam:
    role:
      statements:
        - Effect: Allow
          Action: 'secretsmanager:GetSecretValue'
          Resource: 'THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_SECRET'

>         # The following permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret
>         - Effect: Allow
>           Action: 'kms:Decrypt'
>           Resource: 'THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY'
> ...
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Effect: Allow <1>
          Action: 'kms:Decrypt'
          Resource: 'THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY'
...
----
<1> This permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret

```

// end::serverless[]

// tag::terraform[]
Add the following policy and policy attachement resources to your terraform file to 
give the Lambda function access to the stored secret:
[source,terraform]
----
...
resource "aws_iam_role" "lambda_role" {
  // Here is your Lambda execution role
  ...
}

resource "aws_iam_policy" "secrets_manager_elastic_apm_policy" {
  name        = "secrets_manager_elastic_apm_policy"
  description = "Allows the lambda function to access the APM authentication key stored in AWS Secrets Manager."

  policy = <<EOF
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Action": [
        "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue"
      ],
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_SECRET"
    },

>     // The following permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret
>     {
>       "Action": [
>         "kms:Decrypt"
>       ],
>       "Effect": "Allow",
>       "Resource": "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY"
>     }
>   ]
> }
> EOF
> }
> 
> resource "aws_iam_policy_attachment" "secrets_manager_elastic_apm_policy_attach" {
>   role      = aws_iam_role.lambda_role.name
>   policy_arn = aws_iam_policy.secrets_manager_elastic_apm_policy.arn
> }
> ...
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { <1>
      "Action": [
        "kms:Decrypt"
      ],
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "THE_ARN_OF_YOUR_CUSTOM_KMS_KEY"
    }
  ]
}
EOF
}

resource "aws_iam_policy_attachment" "secrets_manager_elastic_apm_policy_attach" {
  role      = aws_iam_role.lambda_role.name
  policy_arn = aws_iam_policy.secrets_manager_elastic_apm_policy.arn
}
...
----
<1> This permission is ONLY needed if you use a custom KMS encryption key for your secret

```
